As part of the marketing research team, our goal is to make sure the products we include in the BusMall catalogue are desirable to our customers, so we want to winnow down our total options and only include the most highly rated ones in the final catalogue. Therefore we’d like to have a focus group where participants choose the most appealing product from a shortened list of three products side by side. We want to record the favorite products from the poll as well as the percentage of times a given product was clicked compared to it’s two competitors. This will help us ensure that only desirable products are going into our catalogue. 

As a developer I want to devise a method of making an appealing website that will draw the user into the content. I want to display three products at a time, of equal size, and instruct the focus member to click on one image that appeals to them most. I then want to log that preference into a total “clicked on” array so that at the end we can know which products were most popular. I’d also like to include tracking what percentage of times products were chosen compared to their competitors which may help us narrow down the final choice. in a lineup of three choices, only one will be chosen as favorite, but i’d like to refresh the lineup every time so that the two products not chosen can later be displayed in a fresh lineup. there will be 8 unique lineups with one left over. after all items have be chosen we’ll display the results. Perhaps a user dislikes a product and therefore having a dislike feature may be helpful. 

As a focus group member I want to be able to choose my most appealing products so that only the best products end up in the catalogue. I’d like each lineup to refresh so that my reaction is more natural to which I like best. I’d also like the option of recording any items I dislike. 
